Add image_parallel_copies engine config (#415)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

associated with the  pod.  This container does nothing other then sleep,
reserving the pods resources for the lifetime of the pod.

> **image_parallel_pulls**=6

Reviewer: I think we need to `s/pull/copy` as it also applies to push or, in theory, any other copy operation between the various transports (as long as they support it).

Reviewer: `image_max_copy_ops` ?

Reviewer 2: `image_copy_max_parallel_ops` ?

The description should likewise not talk about pulls only.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps `max_parallel_copies` or `max_parallel_layer_copies`, and then explain it applies to the number of layers pushed or pulled in the verbiage?

Reviewer 3: I'm not real sold on either of my suggestions, just throwing it out for other thoughts.

Author: I will change to to copy.  Lets not get too technical.

associated with the  pod.  This container does nothing other then sleep,
reserving the pods resources for the lifetime of the pod.

**image_parallel_copies**=0

Maximum number of image layers to be copied (pulled/pushed) simultaneously.

> Not setting this field, will fall back to containers/image defaults. (6)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not setting this field, or setting it to zero, will fall back to containers/image defaults.
```

Reviewer 3: Just curious why you didn't take this one?

> Not setting this field, will fall back to containers/image defaults. (6)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Not setting this field will fall back to containers/image defaults. (6)
```
